[Music]
once all your Clips are added and you've
selected your music you can begin
refining your
audio first let's look at the audio
meter this is your visual guide to audio
levels cutting room's audio meter
displays Dynamic Peak and Valley
indicators shown as yellow and blue
lines clicking on the audio meter
toggles between different decel ranges
giving you more precise control over
your audio levels as a general rule you
should make sure the audio meter does
not cross minus 6db to avoid Distortion
and maintain audio quality next let's
talk about audio key frames audio key
frames let you precisely control the
volume at specific points in your audio
track to add a key frame click on the
rubber band line representing the audio
track in the timeline you can then drag
the key frame up or down to adjust the
audio levels if you need to delete a key
frame hold shift and click on the key
frame you want to remove this tool
allows you to shape the sound and volume
of your music without clipping
it now let's move on to
voiceovers Cutting Room makes it easy to
record voiceovers directly within your
project you can start and stop voiceover
recording with the r key on your
keyboard once recorded your voice over
is added to the audio track and can be
edited just like any other audio
[Music]